Today was a heavy session. You came in cold, ran the new "catch me up" command, and we used it to read every progress overview chronologically before touching any code. Three big things happened in roughly this order: cleaning up git, building the two auth pages plus the mascot chooser, and finally connecting Claude to your browser so I could actually see what we were building.

We started by noticing the GitHub side of last session was incomplete. The v2-development branch had been committed locally but the push to GitHub never finished. You re-ran git push -u origin v2-development from D:\look-i-did-things and this time it went through cleanly with a "[new branch]" message. Then we committed the leftover CLAUDE.md change with a small comedy of errors where the markdown-link version of the filename pasted from chat made the commit message a little ugly, but the commit itself landed fine. After that, we did the bigger reshape you asked for: collapse v2-development into main so you only have one branch going forward. To do this safely we tagged V1 first as v1.0 (so you can always git checkout v1.0 to see the V1 code), then merged v2-development into main as a fast-forward, pushed, and deleted the v2-development branch both locally and on GitHub. Your repo now shows 1 Branch plus a Tags section with v1.0, and from now on every commit goes straight onto main.

Once git was tidy we tackled the two unfinished pieces of Page 1. First, we added a Continue button to the welcome screen, sitting between the Get Started CTA and the Sign in link, for users who already have an account but want a more visible button than the small text link. It's an outlined teal pill (a new btn-secondary style) that's now also reused on the auth pages. Then a quick polish pass: I changed the arrow icon on the Get Started button from white to your existing Done Duck yellow token (--mascot-yellow). Tiny edit, big visual lift.

Then you laid down a hard architecture rule for the rest of V2. Every page from now on follows the same pattern: a painted background image (under assets/backgrounds/, with the character integrated into the painting) plus DOM overlays for all the interactive bits — buttons, forms, page titles, speech bubbles. The Wireframes folder is the design source of truth and is read-only reference. The cropped tile-mascot PNGs and the .mascot[data-animal] container plan from last session are deprecated. Animation, when it eventually happens, will probably involve swapping the bg image or layering an animated overlay rather than animating individual sprites.

To make room for sign-up and sign-in in the page numbering, we renumbered every wireframe folder from 4 onwards. We had to rename them highest-number-first to avoid collisions (you ran six git mv commands plus two mkdir commands). Once the structure was right, you dropped your sign-up wireframe into 2.Sign Up/ and your sign-in wireframe into 3.Sign In/, and saved a shared painted background (the duck thumbs-up scene with clouds and sparkles) to assets/backgrounds/signup-bg.png. Both Sign Up and Sign In use the same painted image — what changes between the two pages is just the DOM text overlaid on top.

Then we built Sign Up. The page has a centered title "Create your account", a subtitle with a small purple heart, the painted hero with a "Let's get to know you!" speech bubble, and then a four-field form with pill-shaped inputs and pastel circular icons (green for the name field, purple for email, blue for the password field, yellow for the optional star field). Below the form is a checkbox for the gentle reminders agreement with linked Terms and Privacy, then the Create account button (teal pill with the yellow arrow), Continue as guest as a secondary outlined button, and finally a "Already have an account? Sign in" link at the bottom. Sign In was built as a sibling page using the same painted scene but with different DOM text. Title becomes "Welcome back", subtitle becomes "Sign in and let's keep track of your little wins", speech bubble becomes "Ready to do things?", and the form is just email and password with a Remember me checkbox and Forgot password link. All of these route the auth flow through the new finishOnboarding helper which marks welcome-seen and advances to the choose page.

Right around now we hit the part of the session where we connected Claude in Chrome. You already had the extension installed so I just listed connected browsers, selected yours, opened a new tab, and navigated to localhost:3000. Screenshots were intermittently flaky — Chrome's screenshot API kept timing out — but the JavaScript inspector worked reliably and gave me everything I needed to find and fix bugs. Three layout issues turned up immediately. The first was that .view-auth wasn't actually flexing because the existing .view.is-active rule had higher CSS specificity and was forcing display: block; the fix was to re-target with .view-auth.is-active so the specificity matches. The second was that I'd put the title inside the painted hero so the bg image was rendering behind the title and overlapping awkwardly; restructured to lift the header out so it sits above the hero. The third was a subtler painted-image sizing issue that we left as-is for now since it only really shows up on wide desktop and the app is phone-first.

The hairiest bug of the session showed up right after that. You cleared localStorage and reloaded, and saw the welcome page rendering correctly but with the sign-up and sign-in pages also visible underneath, all stacked. After a JS probe I confirmed signup and signin had display: flex even though they didn't have the is-active class. The cause: the service worker was still serving an older styles.css from before my fix (when .view-auth { display: flex } had been unconditional), and bumping the cache version isn't enough on its own to evict an SW that's already controlling the page. The cleanup is to clear caches plus unregister the SW plus reload — either via DevTools (Application tab → Storage → "Clear site data") or via a console snippet that does it programmatically. We logged the snippet in the structured md file. Worth keeping handy because aggressive caching is going to keep biting during V2 dev.

The last thing we built was Page 4, the mascot chooser. You'd just made six gorgeous new clean mascot icons (transparent-ish backgrounds, no card framing) and dropped them into assets/mascots/ — done-duck.png, focus-frog.png, task-raccoon.png, tiny-tortoise.png, brain-bee.png, star-snail.png. The chooser uses a 2-column grid of pastel-tinted cards (yellow for the duck, green for the frog, beige for the raccoon, mint for the tortoise, cream for the bee, lilac for the snail). Tapping a tile gives it a deep teal border plus a green checkmark badge in the corner, lights up a preview chip at the bottom of the page with the mascot's name and a placeholder tagline (which you'll probably want to rewrite — they're my best guesses), and switches the disabled-grey Continue button to the active teal pill with the yellow arrow. The whole onboarding flow now works end to end: welcome → Get Started or Continue → sign-up or sign-in → Create account or Sign in or Continue as guest → choose your mascot → Continue → Today. A returning user with a mascot already saved skips straight to Today, and someone partway through onboarding lands on the right intermediate page on reload.

One small visual note from the live preview: the new mascot PNGs render with a slightly visible white square behind each illustration inside the pastel tile, because the source images aren't fully transparent. Three options on the table for next session — leave it (it sort of looks like an intentional polaroid card), re-export the PNGs transparent and re-drop them, or explicitly style that area as a rounded white card so it reads as deliberate. Up to you.

Where things stand: V1 is preserved as a tag, main contains all your V2 work, the v2-development branch is gone, the welcome page is fully done, Sign Up and Sign In are fully built and working, the mascot chooser is fully built and working, the whole onboarding flow runs end to end, and Claude in Chrome is connected so future sessions can use live preview. What's NOT done: this whole session's code is uncommitted on main. Before you walk away, paste this in your terminal (after a cd to D:\look-i-did-things):

git add -A
git commit -m "feat(v2): auth pages + mascot chooser (Pages 2-4)"
git push

After that, you're cleanly wrapped. Page 5 (This Week) is up next when you come back, plus the small open questions about mascot tile transparency, the decorative duck on the chooser page, and the placeholder taglines.

Welcome back, future-Phiwe.
