Here's everything you accomplished today.

1. Renamed the project. FlowWeek is now officially called look-i-did-things, sitting in D:\look-i-did-things.

2. Installed and configured Git. You already had Git downloaded. We then told Git who you are by setting your name and email — this is what links your saves (commits) to your GitHub account. The commands you ran were:
   git config --global user.email "phiwe.mpofu.pm@gmail.com"
   git config --global user.name "Siwphiwe"

3. Initialized a Git repository. Inside D:\look-i-did-things you ran "git init". This turned your project folder into a Git-tracked repository — Git's brain (the hidden .git folder) now lives inside it.

4. Created a .gitignore. You created a .gitignore file that tells Git to ignore unnecessary files like node_modules/ so they never get uploaded to GitHub.

5. Made your first commit. You staged all your files and saved your first ever snapshot of the project with "git add ." and then 'git commit -m "feat: look-i-did-things v1 - initial commit"'. Git confirmed 12 files were saved — your HTML, icons, service worker, manifest, and more.

6. Created a GitHub repository. You went to github.com and created a new empty repository called look-i-did-things under your account phiwe1210.

7. Connected the local project to GitHub and pushed. You linked your local project to GitHub and uploaded everything by running "git remote add origin https://github.com/phiwe1210/look-i-did-things.git", then "git branch -M main", then "git push -u origin main". Your V1 code is now live and backed up at github.com/phiwe1210/look-i-did-things.

8. Created a V2 branch. With "git checkout -b v2-development" you now have a safe, separate branch where you'll build V2 without ever touching the stable V1 code on main.

On top of all that, you also built yourself a small progress-logging system. There's a progress folder with a README and a template, plus instructions in CLAUDE.md so Claude automatically reads recent progress notes at the start of every session. And you set up a "wrap up session" command that writes these very files for you when you're ready to step away.

We also reorganised the progress folder so each day gets its own subfolder. Today's notes live inside progress/2026-05-02/ — and from now on, every session's files will land in a folder named after the date. Tidier as logs pile up.

Where things stand: Git installed and configured — done. Local repo initialized — done. V1 committed — done. GitHub repo created — done. Code pushed to GitHub — done. V2 branch created — done. Progress logging with per-day folders — done.

Welcome back, future-Phiwe.
