Today's session was Page 6 from start to finish — the Add a Thing form. Here's how it went, end to end.

You came in cold and asked to be caught up. I walked through every progress overview from oldest to newest and gave you a six-sentence summary: the project started as a single-file V1 PWA called FlowWeek, you rebranded it to Look I Did Things, pushed V1 to GitHub, then over the last two sessions rebuilt it as V2 with split html/css/js files, the new pastel palette, painted-background auth pages, and an end-to-end onboarding flow that runs welcome to mascot chooser. Most recent work was Pages 2 to 4 (auth pages plus mascot chooser), committed and pushed cleanly on May 8.

When I ran git status the working tree was dirty — a wide spread of "modifications" across pretty much every file in the repo. That looked suspicious so I ran git diff --stat before touching anything. Every file showed identical insertion and deletion counts (474 over 474, 1272 over 1272, 2340 over 2340) which is the classic line-ending churn signature. The files were byte-for-byte the same, just CRLF flipping to LF or vice versa. Nothing real to investigate, so we moved on.

You asked what options we had to work on. I laid out everything currently on the table — cleanup items, the remaining wireframe pages, parked polish bits from the chooser, deferred V2 mechanics like the new task statuses and carry-over reasons, and a couple of architectural questions about mascot animation and backend auth. You picked Pages 5 and 6, starting with Page 6 (Add a Thing). You also asked a really good question about when we'd look at flow and sequencing between pages — my answer was that page-by-page is right for visual fidelity, but flow itself is best tuned once all the pages exist and you can actually tap from one to the next on your phone. So we'd keep the rhythm and do a dedicated flow pass after Page 9.

That bit, "after Page 9," surfaced something I didn't realise at first. When I went to read the Page 6 wireframe I found the Wireframes folder now has 9 entries, not 7. Star Chart and Evidence Log split out into their own pages since the last session. So the V2 build path is five pages remaining now (5 through 9), not three.

There are two PNGs in 6.Add a thing — Main_Page_Design.png and This Bottom Tab.png. The second one shows the same 5-slot bottom nav we built in the foundation work (Today, Week, plus button, Progress, Review) so I treated it as canonical. The visual elements: a duck-with-pencil mascot in the top-right corner, a pill text input asking what you want to get done, a "When?" row of day chips Mon through Sun, a Life Area grid with seven pastel chips each with a circular coloured icon, then two pill rows for Effort (Light, Medium, Deep) and Priority (Low, Medium, High) with arrow and bar-chart style icons, a row with a yellow star icon and a toggle for "Add to Today's 3", and finally the big teal Save Thing pill button with the yellow arrow.

Before writing any code I asked you four questions to lock in the decisions that would shape everything. For the corner duck you chose to use the existing done-duck.png as a positioned image overlay rather than wait for a new painted background — quicker, and we can swap to a painted bg later. For the Today's 3 toggle you said save the real state so we don't have to retrofit later. For migration from V1 categories to V2 life areas you said wipe and start fresh — your stored tasks were just dev data anyway. For where the app should go after tapping Save Thing you said back to This Week, so you see the thing you just added land in its day. Smart choices, all in the direction of less invented work.

Then I built the page in three layers. First, the markup. The old simple form (a textarea and three dropdowns) got replaced with a header block containing the title, subtitle, and the corner mascot image, a pill text input reusing the existing field styles from the auth pages, four labelled fieldset sections for When, Life Area, Effort, and Priority, the toggle row for Today's 3, and the Save Thing button. Second, about 260 lines of new CSS at the end of styles.css covering all of it — the chip styling for the day row, the life chip styling with the pastel circular icons driven by data-life attribute selectors against the seven existing life area colour tokens, the pill chips for effort and priority with their own colour mappings, the today3 toggle row with a custom CSS-drawn switch that slides 20 pixels when checked, and a desktop tweak that constrains the form to 560px and grows the mascot a bit.

Third, and the biggest change, was the JavaScript. I added a schema version system — a constant SCHEMA_VERSION set to 2, and a check in loadTasks that wipes localStorage if the stored version doesn't match. That's the mechanism that delivers your "wipe and start fresh" choice. Then I added four new constants for the V2 task model: LIFE_AREAS (seven entries with Lucide SVG icon paths), EFFORTS, PRIORITIES, and DAY_CHIPS (which is in Mon-first visual order but carries the JS getDay index separately so storage stays compatible with the existing helpers). I added a state.addDraft object to track the current chip selections, so render can redraw selected states from a single source of truth. I wrote a generic buildChip helper used by all four chip groups (day, life area, effort, priority) so they share the same rendering logic. The renderAddView function got rewritten to iterate each constant and build the chips. The submit handler got rewritten to validate text plus life area plus effort plus priority (day always defaults to today), call addTask with the new fields, reset the draft, clear the text input, and route to setView("week"). And because the storage shape shifted from "category" to "lifeArea" and from lowercase to capitalised priority, I patched the taskCard function and the Progress view's two loops so they keep working on the new field names.

After that I bumped the service worker cache version from dev.10 to dev.11 so your browser actually picks up the new CSS and JS.

There was one detour. When I tried to validate app.js with node --check from the bash sandbox, it errored mid-template-literal. After some digging it turned out the Linux mount that bash sees has an mtime of May 8 on every file in the project — the bash side hasn't refreshed since before this session started. My edits go to the Windows side (which is what npx serve reads) but the Linux side never sees them. So bash-side syntax checks aren't viable for this codebase right now. Verification has to happen in your browser, which is what we did. You spun it up, tried the form, and said it's looking good.

Where things stand. Pages 1 through 4 done from prior sessions. Page 6 done this session, visually approved, code mostly untested-in-flow. Pages 5, 7, 8, 9 remaining. Schema v2 migration is in place — first time you reload after committing this, your old V1 dev tasks get wiped. Service worker is at lidt-v2.0.0-dev.11. The bash mount being stale is just a quirk of how the workspace is set up today; it doesn't affect your local dev or git in any way.

The one thing you still need to do before walking away cleanly is commit this work. The bash sandbox can't write to the .git folder on your Windows drive, so paste these in your own terminal from D:\look-i-did-things:

git add -A
git commit -m "feat(v2): page 6 — add a thing form with chip selectors"
git push

And that's the session. Page 5 (This Week) is up next when you come back. There are also still those small parked items from May 8 — mascot tile transparency on the chooser page, the decorative duck on the chooser, and rewriting the mascot taglines — to slot in between pages whenever you fancy a breather.

Welcome back, future-Phiwe. Good work today.
